
What is Terraform:
    Terraform is an infrastructure as code tool (IaC) that helps us to define and manage cloud and on-prem resources safely and efficiently using human-readable configuration files.
    Terraform can manage low-level components like compute, storage, and networking resources, as well as high-level components like DNS entries and SaaS features.

Key features:
    1 Infrastructure provisioning
    2 Resource management
    3 Configuration management
    4 Multi-cloud support (AWS, Azure, GCP, and more)
    5 State management


Key Concepts:
    1 Providers:
       Connectors to cloud providers (e.g., AWS, Azure, GCP) or on-premises infrastructure.
    2 Resources: 
       Individual infrastructure components (e.g., EC2 instances, VPCs, databases).
    3 Configurations: 
       Human-readable files (.tf or .tf.json) defining infrastructure resources.
    4 State: 
       Terraform's understanding of current infrastructure configuration.
    5 Workspaces: 
       Isolated environments for managing separate infrastructure configurations.

Terraform Workflow:
    1 Configure:
       Write configuration files.

    1 Init: 
       Initialize Terraform working directory.
       Run terraform init in the directory where we want to create the Terraform configuration.

    2 validate:
       Checks the syntax and configuration of your Terraform files.
       Run terraform validate in the directory containing our Terraform configuration files.

    3 fmt:
        Reformat configuration files for better readability.
        Run terraform fmt in the directory containing Terraform configuration files

    4 Plan: 
       It generates an execution plan for Terraform configuration changes/ Preview changes to infrastructure.
       Run terraform plan in the directory containing Terraform configuration files

    5 Apply:
       Execute changes to infrastructure.
       Run terraform apply in the directory containing Terraform configuration files.

    6 Destroy:
       Delete infrastructure resources managed by terraform.
       Run terraform destroy in the directory containing Terraform configuration files.
